adding docs on how to access data in pipeline (#9611)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/ingest-apis/index.md

- [Create pipeline]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/ingest-apis/create-ingest/): Use this API to create or update a pipeline configuration.
- [Get pipeline]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/ingest-apis/get-ingest/): Use this API to retrieve a pipeline configuration.
- [Simulate pipeline]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/ingest-apis/simulate-ingest/): Use this pipeline to test a pipeline configuration.

> - [Access data in pipeline]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/ingest-apis/accessing-data/): Use this API to access data within the pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Access data in a pipeline]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/ingest-apis/accessing-data/): Use this API to access data within the pipeline
```

> - [Access data in a pipeline]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/ingest-apis/accessing-data/): Use this API to access data within the pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Access data in a pipeline]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ingest-pipelines/accessing-data/): Use this API to access data within the pipeline
```
